
# Folder structure for software (or technical) development assets

This is the outline of a software development asset within a project.

We consider the technical or software development as a development type asset within the project.
That is to say, its location would be inside the folders `assets->dev`
Inside a folder with the name of the asset. See the following structure:

```lua
projects_root/
    |
    projname/
        |-- assets/
            |-- development/
                |
                assetname/
                    |-- docs/
                    |   |-- api/
                    |   |-- design/
                    |   |-- requirements/
                    |-- src/
                    |   |-- app/
                    |   |-- tests/
                    |   |   |-- maya
                    |   |   |-- blender
                    |   |   |-- pshop
                    |-- config/
                    |-- logs/
                    |-- README.md
```
Inside the assetname folder there is a structure of folders containing the development, tests and logs. Here is a brief description of each folder inside `assetname` folder:

* ***`docs/`***: Contains the project documentation, which can be divided into subfolders according to the type of documentation. For example, `api/` could contain documentation about the project API or other technical documentation, `requirements/` could contain the project requirements and the `design/` folder could contain design diagrams and other visual representations of the project including text documents describing the functionality.

* ***`src/`***: Contains the project source code and technical developments. The `app/` folder contains the main application code (or technical development), which can be divided into subfolders according to the modules or features of the application. The `tests/` folder contains the test cases for the application. Each subfolder should contain files of different types depending on the tool used to generate them.

* ***`config/`***: Contains configuration files for the project. For example, it could contain a `json` or a `.py` with global configuration variables for the application.

* ***`logs/`***: Contains the logs generated by the application. You may want to divide the logs into subfolders according to their severity level or according to the application component that generated them. It may also not be necessary in many cases.

* ***`README.md`***: A text file describing the project, its purpose and how to use it.
